okay so as you can see she slept pretty
good
she doesn't like it when I turn the
lights on she's still very sleepy ready
for the day ready for the day Oh silly
girl
you want a bottle not some yummies oh
yeah she moves when she here he's yummy
huh all right well I'm gonna get to
feeding it okay so mrs. arena here was
interested in cinnamon so she's looking
at her you wanna pet the puppy oh look
cinnamon you like your new sissy
do you like her she likes you she wants
to hug you oh you like her hair cinema
does this one she relaxes she'll start
doing that and then she'll start sucking
on her foot excuse me let's see if she
sucks on her foot
no not today but she will suck her but
sometimes it's so cute well sometimes
she does it a lot all right well it's
time to get you dressed Missy okay okay
okay so now we're gonna change her she's
so cute into her onesie because it is
way too hot outside to be in a sleeper
that is for sure
baby go off with the hot sleeper on with
the queue of onesie
she's like so cute and white
she's so fat she barely fits anymore
they're so fat
junkies
she says no and chunky nutsack
right now for her hair put him little
details
okay so I went ahead and just did her
hair and turned off the camera because
it I take kind of a while to do her hair
because I like to eat gentle and I don't
want to hurry or anything but she looks
so cute she was so sweet had to get rid
kiss okay she's so sweet guys like kick
it over it so now I'ma give her Pasi oh
and there's her final look for today
she's so sweet so that is her morning
routine she is all ready to go aren't
you baby she is all ready for the day
oops um zoomed anything kokyu she looks
and white brings out her coloring
little piggy tails I love her hair it's
so fun it's so fun huh
so there's our chunky little legs
thought I would show you
I don't think oh sorry I don't think I'm
gonna put socks on her because I love
her chunky little legs and well I mean I
love her little feet too and I think
she's just gonna air out her feet today
pretty how pretty her color use but the
cutie pie
so cute
yeah there's a little a little bit of
her details huh no baby and their eyes
are really cool cuz they have a little
pupil and then hard to tell well you can
kind of see it they're not just like
nope but even he's yeah there she is and
she is ready for the day so thanks for
watching okay so I want to show you
because I'm over here working on babies
and I wanted to show you how cute my
baby was named with little toys she's
being such a good girl aren't you yeah
why you think it's what you get girl
playing with your toys but yeah I just
wanted to show you that okay